CMP-357+406 Update `AI_AGENT_GUIDE.md` for new report identity model and `README` tooling references (#72)
leanix/leanix-reporting: AI_AGENT_GUIDE.md

In `package.json`:

> - `name`: Package name, the report identity — used together with `version` to uniquely identify a report in a workspace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: Package name, like an npm package name. Only one version can be active in a workspace at a time - the active version can be changed by any user with the required permissions.
- `version`: The version of the report. Together with `name`, uniquely identifies a release - bump this on every upload to avoid conflicts with existing versions.
```

- `leanixReport.title`: Report title displayed in LeanIX
- `leanixReport.description`

> - `leanixReport.author`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We removed the author. Correct?

Author: 💯 correct, should be cleaned up now.

Author: [1613157](https://github.com/leanix/leanix-reporting/pull/72/commits/16131571cfece5b37f7217c3bc1f8c08710ab303)

## Uploading to LeanIX

> > **Identity notice:** The `name` field in `package.json` is the report identity. Uploading the same package name + version twice to the same workspace will be rejected. Always increment `version` before re-uploading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Identity notice:** The `name` and `version` fields in `package.json` identify a report upload. Uploading the same package name + version to the same workspace is subject to these rules:

- If the existing version is still being processed (`QUEUED`, `SCANNING` or `BUILDING`), the upload is rejected with HTTP 409. Wait for processing to finish, then try again.
- If the existing version is in a terminal failed state (`FAILED`, `VULNERABLE`, or `REVOKED`), the upload succeeds and the old version is automatically replaced.
- If the existing version succeeded, increment version in package.json before re-uploading.
```
